[Music]
lose up to ten pounds with just one
tablespoon of this fat-burning drink a
day every summer we're all scrambling
around trying to figure out how we're
gonna get rid of those extra pounds we
managed to pack on over the cold winter
months
some people plunge headfirst into strict
diets others hit the gym pretty much
every day but as soon as their willpower
starts to fade all those lost pounds
come back with a vengeance
in this video you'll see how you can
slim down in a healthy way without a
whole lot of effort the secret lies in a
drink that not everybody knows about
will tell you about this fat busting
beverage and how to prepare it a bit
later but first of all there are several
steps you can take that will help you
achieve your goal of losing excess
weight much more easily remove all the
temptations surrounding you if you have
some chips in the cabinet ice cream
somewhere in the freezer or donuts on
your coffee table chances are that when
you get tired or stressed out you'll
head straight to these unhealthy snacks
despite the voice of reason in your head
however munching on this junk won't make
you feel better
instead you'll most likely feel ashamed
of your lack of self-control so help
yourself out of it and get rid of them
after all out of sight out of mind
[Music]
count your steps even if you don't have
the time or desire to start an active
sporty lifestyle invest in a pedometer
or a more complicated activity tracker
these devices will help you make sure
that you're getting in at least 10,000
steps a day this number might seem
unrealistically huge but even a
10-minute walk will contribute a lot to
the mileage on your pedometer try to
exercise 2 or 3 times a week it doesn't
have to be anything extreme or torturous
start with swimming cycling or jogging
or choose another activity that won't
only train your body but also please
your soul
be careful with your portions start to
cut their size down gradually this
shouldn't be too hard since you don't
have to exclude your favorite foods
you'll just slowly make your portions
about 25% smaller serving your food on a
small plate will help you trick yourself
into believing that you're not eating
any less than before cut down on liquid
calories if you think that a milkshake
isn't really a meal then you'd be
mistaken soft drinks alcohol and coffee
with cream all contain the fewest
nutrients but the most calories if you
want to reduce your calorie intake just
replace these drinks with water you'll
be surprised by how much weight you lose
just by cutting out these beverages
always check the nutritional facts on
food labels this way you'll be able to
monitor the number of calories you
consume and to make sure that the
products you buy are healthy and useful
to your body avoid processed foods as
you can imagine
opt for unprocessed foods instead the
thing is that when you eat whole foods
such as fruits and vegetables you can
afford to eat more but gain less choose
your grain products wisely when it comes
to grains and cereals go for whole grain
whole wheat flour brown rice and oatmeal
are much better alternatives to they're
not so healthy cousins just remember to
check the nutrition label packaged
oatmeal for example contains a lot of
sugar now that you've gotten to know
some general recommendations let's get
to the heart of the matter the whole
reason we're all here the mysterious
magical drink that you can swallow just
a few tablespoons of each day to see the
pounds melt off your body the main
ingredient of this drink is cumin and if
you've never heard that this spice can
accelerate weight loss then check this
out
researchers from iran's shahid siddiqui
University of Medical Sciences divided a
group of 88 obese and overweight women
into two smaller groups 185 grams of
yogurt mixed with 3 grams of cumin
powder every day the other had yogurt
but without the cumin now all the women
in both groups consumed 500 fewer
calories over the course of the study
but after three months the ladies in the
first
you know with the cumin laced yogurt
lost three pounds more than those who
ate plain yogurt what's even more
amazing is that the body fat percentage
of the women in the first group
decreased three times more than that of
the second group fourteen point six
percent versus four point nine percent
all thanks to the fat-burning spice not
to mention the ladies who consumed cumin
powder even saw a visible reduction in
their waistline how to prepare the drink
you'll need one teaspoon of cumin the
juice of half a lemon half a teaspoon of
grated ginger root and one cup of water
start by boiling the water and throwing
in the ginger and cumin keep this
mixture on low heat for five more
minutes then take it off the burner and
let it cool finally add the lemon juice
you should have one tablespoon of this
concoction 20 minutes before every meal
and after just a month this drink will
help you lose up to 10 pounds of excess
weight easy peasy lemon squeezy
how it works the thing is that each of
the ingredients in this drink plays its
role in speeding up weight loss cumin is
full of phytosterols which comes from
plants and sort of resemble cholesterol
in their structure and function but
phytosterols don't let bad cholesterol
get absorbed into the digestive tract
thus encouraging weight loss cumin is
also packed with body cleansing
antioxidants ginger has thermogenic
properties which means it heats up the
body and boosts metabolism and the
faster your metabolism is the more
calories your body burns even while
resting lemon as we all know contains
tons of vitamin C which among other
things reduces your cortisol levels
cortisol is basically the body's stress
hormone and causes your body to store
fat and feel hungry when you're really
not
lemon is also full of polyphenols which
keep your body from accumulating fat and
thus putting on extra pounds the cumin
lemon and ginger cocktail isn't just the
perfect solution to accelerated weight
loss it also has some more amazing
health benefits thanks to the cumin and
ginger this drink will improve your
digestion the vitamin C in the lemons
and cumin boost the immune system and
protects your body from inflammation and
stress cumin seeds are effective at
driving mucus and inflammation out of
the respiratory system
this spice is even used to treat asthma
vitamin C and a in the cumin and lemons
reduce oxidative stress this basically
means that they significantly reduce the
risk of developing cancer a substance
called cumin aldehyde which is found in
cumin if you couldn't tell helps control
blood sugar levels and reduce
hypoglycemia this drink also does a lot
for your brain and cognitive health
those who regularly consume this
concoction almost never suffer from
insomnia have you ever tried this
magical remedy do you know any other
drinks that can speed up weight loss
tell us in the comments below don't
forget to click Subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life